feature: add unprivileged image support (#51)
nginxinc/docker-nginx-controller: README.md

  && chown -R $NON_ROOT_USER:$NON_ROOT_GROUP /etc/controller-agent/ \
  && chown -R $NON_ROOT_USER:$NON_ROOT_GROUP /etc/nginx/ \
  && sed -i "s,listen       80 default_server;,listen       $EXPOSE_PORT default_server;," /etc/nginx/conf.d/default.conf \
  && sed -i '/user  nginx;/d' /etc/nginx/nginx.conf

USER $NON_ROOT_USER

EXPOSE $EXPOSE_PORT
```
Examples of unprivileged docker files can be found in `unprivileged/examples` directory.
### 5.2 Required changes in entrypoint.sh
Only applicable to images running NGINX App Protect - remove prefixes `/bin/su -s` under `# Launch NAP` (two occurrences).

The result should look similar to the following snippet:
```bash
# Launch NAP
/bin/bash -c '/opt/app_protect/bin/bd_agent &' nginx
bd_agent_pid=$(pgrep bd_agent)
/bin/bash -c "/usr/share/ts/bin/bd-socket-plugin tmm_count 4 proc_cpuinfo_cpu_mhz 2000000 total_xml_memory 307200000 total_umu_max_size 3129344 sys_max_account_id 1024 no_static_config 2>&1 > /var/log/app_protect/bd-socket-plugin.log &" nginx
bd_socket_pid=$(pgrep bd-socket)
```
### 5.3 New build arguments
Here is the list of new build arguments introduced by the changes above:
| Argument | Description |
|-|-|

> | `EXPOSE_PORT` | The port number to expose and listen by NGINX. (Default `8080`) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `EXPOSE_PORT` | The port number to expose and listen on for NGINX. (Default `8080`) |
```

Author: done
